It’s good to see you again, Isabel.
The last time we spoke,
I left you with the question,
What can we pray about?
The Bible answers that question for us
at 1 John 5:14.
Would you mind
reading that aloud for us, please?
Sure.
It says: “And this is the confidence
that we have toward him,
that no matter what we ask
according to his will, he hears us.”
Thank you.
You know, people believe
different things regarding prayer.
But based on this verse,
do you think God would answer our prayer
if we asked him for a million dollars?
Probably not.
Why not?
“No matter what we ask . . .”
“. . . according to his will . . .”
That’s right.
We can pray for anything
in harmony with God’s will.
What about asking him
to give us wisdom to do what’s right?
Sure.
We can ask him for that.
Yes, that’s certainly in harmony
with God’s will, right?
The next time we talk,
let’s discuss how God answers our prayers.
I’d like that.